[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to what's inside family I
am dan and I'm at one of my favorite
places to go every single year CES or
Consumer Electronics Show and my goal
while I'm here is to find the coolest
tag or the weirdest tag every single
year every year one of my favorite
booths is the lg booth and I was lucky
enough this year to partner with LG to
get exclusive access to the booth before
it's even open to the public
today I want to show you some of the
actual amazing things that are in the
future maybe not even in the far distant
future that LG is doing with their thank
you technology the thinkyou technology
is like an AI that knows your
preferences and knows the things that
you like and their model this year is
anywhere is home so whether you're at a
restaurant driving in a car in your
house it can connect all of those places
so you feel like you're at home wherever
you might go we're talking about home
the first place you want to think of is
the front door and this door is very
very safe and secure it has some
features that I've never seen in a front
door before it actually has the
recognition
and all blood vein recognition inside of
your hand so that knows who you are and
it lets you in the door
[Music]
check this out I take my hand and place
it up there it recognized it I push the
handle and it opened by itself
because it knows my face and it goes the
veins in my hand your shirt when you
look at it when it closes it shows a lot
of information it's almost like having a
giant tablet on your door this thing is
solid it's metal it's thick it's secure
well what does that food was delivered
what does that even mean well it has a
ballet door for people like say Amazon
deliveries or people are gonna deliver
food they can put it inside of the
little refrigerator and set the food in
there
via access through that door there and
put the package inside of there so when
you get inside of your house you open it
up get your packages out it's not
outside you don't have to worry about
mark robber and his thief stealing
package thing not only does this smart
door look just beautiful but if somebody
rings the doorbell you can click on the
intercom button and then take a look at
them
refrigerators what's inside of your
refrigerator well you could get a chop
saw like I have and cut your thing open
or you can knock on it twice and look
inside of it these are these LG insta
views typically there's something that
you wouldn't think of having an AI
inside of it or the LG thank you but
they're able to see the things that
you're deficient on are the things that
you've already in and are low on and it
will automatically order the things that
you need and then when it's delivered
it's automatically put inside of the
door if you have the LG door also like
everything is connected
this car is incredibly futuristic but
the brains of it is the LG pink hue that
connects everything within your life so
say this is a shared ride that you're
going to be taking to the movies with
your family in the future if you're
riding in a car with other people safety
and security is an important thing when
it pulls up to you obviously you have
your phone on you and knows that you're
close by but as a fun safety measure for
everybody involved why not have facial
recognition
complete it knows who I am by doing the
facial recognition it has the settings
all set up in here there's some really
cool features that I would love to have
I mean can you imagine going in an uber
or a lift you step into the car on the
LG thank you those are show you're
watching and where you're at and it
starts playing it on the TV that is
directly across from you
and there's your TV I don't want to
listen to Justin Timberlake I don't know
what I want to listen to that Havana
Camila Cabello
I like that song and change the music
but they had gesture and that happens
with cameras that are right up here
obviously in the future most cars will
be autonomous hopefully they talk to
each other you don't need a steering
wheel you don't need a lookout in front
of you these seats are turned 15 degrees
so instead of sitting awkwardly directly
at somebody you are turned this way so
this is kind of the area right in front
of you that you want to be looking
there's actually a refrigerator inside
of this I like this see the ticket see
is is crazy right say you set a
reservation at a restaurant and you're
in this car and it's running late
there's a lot of traffic it can
automatically notify the restaurant that
has think you built into it that you're
going to be running late the whole idea
is that you're taking the home with you
to the different places whether it's in
your car or at a restaurant so this area
is called Chloe's table and the idea is
that it's a futuristic restaurant where
you have robots that help you with a lot
of different things yes it'll know your
preferences of the things you like to
eat you can come in here it'll know your
favorite meals
it'll be preparing it for you you sit
down the wait time shouldn't be too long
behind me you're seeing these robots
that are making pasta or making
spaghetti I just kind of like straining
it mixing the stuff together that's the
idea behind Chloe stable thank you
technology integrated into restaurants
into cars into everything my wife is
notorious for buying multiple items of
clothing that maybe don't fit
necessarily and then she returns a bunch
of them good AI somehow help you to make
that process of shopping for clothes a
little more effective so you have less
things that you're gonna return it's
called think you fit collection you
stand on this platform all
body measurement is complete there you
go you ever wanted to know
Zach's measurements my favorite thing is
that we can actually you can try out now
oh wow I feel like your shoulders and
this chest area are a little bigger than
the belly area but yes it's close we're
working out
camera technology all right Zach move
for us oh wow I just changed the outfit
by attaching it
oh the sleeves are going up what is this
[Music]
this is what Zach used to look like when
he was 14 years old oh wait maybe a
little darker color yeah okay let's go
to that one
I throw the picture right here exactly
we put the selfie in there view it's a
nice graph you can go in and try on new
clothes digitally and then once you find
an outfit that you really really like
for you or your kids you can actually
order it on the screen and it'll beep
deliver to you this is the LG twins
watch I'm not gonna do in laundry
I'm actually pretty lazy I take my
shirts and I throw them in here the AI
is a thinkyou that's built into this is
going to sense what type of fabric my
clothes are and it's going to decide
what type of wash to put but then also
it's going to weigh it and decide what
type of detergent and how much to put in
there so all I do is put it in there and
walk away
using data using AI using technology in
the future to be able to help your life
be a little easier so you can focus on
the time spending it with your family
versus going and shopping and doing all
this stuff I'm gonna buy you that exact
sweater today thanks again to LG
electronics for sponsoring this video
and giving me access to all of this
Tech and let me know your thoughts what
did you guys think about all of the LG
tech side about where the future is
going it's always good and style to wear
a puffy marshmallow jacket with the
sweater so I can see it before I believe
yeah
and this is why cambrie dresses Zach and
there's your TV